today we're going to find out if it's
possible to give a Mewtwo a move set
that is so bad that it basically
performs like a Magikarp and at the same
time we're gonna see if we can give a
Magikarp a cheated in moveset that is so
completely broken that it becomes a top
tier Pokemon in generation one so let's
start out with Mewtwo last time we gave
this Pokemon only 20 base power moves
and we found that it was still capable
of beating Kanto at less than level 100
so how could we make this move set even
more terrible while still keeping it
capable of possibly beating the game
well after a pull with the community I
decided to go with a moveset of Rage Psy
wave bide and counter
and this moveset is certifiably terrible
because it takes advantage of none of
the things that make Mewtwo a top tier
Pokemon Psy wave in spite of being a
psychic type move deals random damage
between 1 and 1.5 times the user's level
rage is a move that you can't stop using
after you select it and if it misses
even once in battle its accuracy is
lowered to 0.4 percent
abide requires you to take two or three
hits from your opponent before you can
even damage them and counter in gen 1
only works against normal and fighting
type moves and you still have to take
hits before you can return damage
so will Mewtwo even be able to complete
the game with this terrible moveset is
it going to be completely luck based
well let's get into that run but now we
have to think about our Magikarp how
could we make this Pokemon a top tier
threat in generation one a standard
Magikarp is complete trash its only
attacking moves are tackle and struggle
and because it has such a terrible
attack stat only 10 base attack which
puts its second behind only Chansey and
gen 1 yeah it has lower attack than
Caterpie or Abra Magikarp is arguably
the worst gen 1 Pokemon in terms of
stats
and yet I think we can give it a moveset
that would actually make it viable for a
full game solo run after quite a bit of
testing and finally getting a Magikarp
to beat the game with hydro pump Dragon
rage bubble and Tackle I decided to go
ahead and try an even more broken
moveset Spore Amnesia dream eater and
hydro pump and these moves synergize
incredibly well Amnesia raises our
special stat by two stages every time
and because our biggest weaknesses are
crass and electric and all of our
attacking moves are special type this is
the ultimate boosting move
Spore is a 100 accurate sleep move which
gives us the turns that we need to get
that set up as well as making Dream
Eater a top tier attacking move you see
Dream Eater is the strongest psychic
type move in Generation 1 but it's
usually held back by the fact that the
Pokemon using it are using a 60 accurate
sleep move in hypnosis finally hydro
pump our same type attack move with the
highest base damage that we can possibly
get but will even this moveset be enough
to allow our Magikarp to match a Mewtwo
well let's get into it and find out and
the rules for this challenge are as
shown no items in battle no other
Pokemon in battle no vitamins and no
changing our moveset we have to use
these moves in order to beat the entire
game few other things I always throw in
we're running on zero DBS or zero IVs
for those of you coming from later gens
so that we have the worst version of
these Pokemon so that whatever results
we get you know you're gonna get the
same or better when you do the running
yourself so starting out in this one
we're going to get both of our Pokemon
and give them appropriate names Magikarp
is going to be God carp a god tier
Pokemon that was blessed with the
greatest powers that could ever exist in
this game in the meantime Mewtwo is
going to be named mewpoo because uh it's
hilarious
starting out in the Rival one fight we
can see that neither of our Challengers
have any trouble whatsoever starting out
with mewpoo it completely destroys the
rivals Evie because it can just Spam
counter and because our opponent's only
going to hit us with tackle and we have
good HP and defense we can just
completely wreck this one every single
time
God carp on the other hand has a same
type attack bonus in hydro pump a 120
base power move but effectively 180 base
power in the hands of a water type
Pokemon
so it's only a two hit KO to knock out
the opponent and because we're actually
reasonably fast this is a very easy
battle
but as soon as we leave Professor Oak's
lab these two Pokemons start to diverge
you see God card probably doesn't need
any optional battles in order to beat
Brock we have hydro pump which is four
times super effective Spore in Amnesia I
think this is gonna be fine
but mewpoo is actually looking a little
bit further ahead you see I did a test
run with this moveset just to see how
far I could go on minimum battles and
while Brock is actually not a problem
perfectly viable to just use counter on
the Geodude and then use sidewave on the
Onyx in order to knock it out the actual
problem came up when I got to Cerulean
City you see on minimum battles we're
reaching this point at only level 14 and
that's too low of a level for sidewave
to do enough damage to really take down
Misty's Pokemon and rage strats and
sidewave strats don't really work on
Rival 2's Pokemon
add to that the fact that we're under
leveled meaning that we take a lot more
damage when we get hit that means that
bite strats and counter strats just
don't really work and since Mewtwo's in
the slow level up group it's going to
take a ton of battles to level up anyway
we may as well just knock out every wild
Pokemon that gets on our way and fight
every trainer that we possibly can just
to get the extra XP that we need by the
time that we reach Cerulean City so God
carp naturally reaches Brock first and
this fight is incredibly easy in fact a
lot of fights are going to follow the
exact same pattern we start off by using
Spore and in spite of the fact that
Geodude can get five full heals he's
eventually gonna run out and because war
is perfectly accurate we just keep it
asleep set up our Amnesia and then it's
a single hydro pump to knock this
Pokemon out Onyx because we've already
done the setup is just a single hydro
pump I didn't even need to use that
Spore and we easily beat Brock and move
on past our first gym
so by the time that Mewtwo catches up to
get to the Brock fight Magikarp is
already halfway through Mount Moon
but once again the fight is incredibly
simple we just used counter every single
time on the Geodude and counter is a
negative priority move meaning we always
move second it's the only move that
functions that way in generation one and
it means that we'll always get hit by
tackle first and then return the damage
this is what makes it better than bide
here if we use bide we have to move
first and then when we release energy
we'll get hit one more time if we don't
knock the opponent out whereas counter
guarantees that we always knock it out
in the minimum number of hits here then
on the Onyx we can simply spam sidewave
until we knock it out and it's just a
matter of what ranges we get if we got
terrible ranges we could actually lose
this fight even though we're completely
over leveled at level 11. so as Mewtwo
is ready to move on Magikarp easily
takes down Jesse and James and it's
moving on to Misty and rival 2. let's
start off with the Misty fight which
might sound like a little bit
counter-intuitive but there's actually a
good reason to take this fight first
with Magikarp Misty has smart Ai and our
smart AI means she'll never use her
water type moves against us and I think
with good setup we'll be able to get
through this fight
[Music]
now with God carp against Misty this is
possible on minimum battles but it's not
great we have to put these Pokemon to
sleep using Spore and then we have to
set up all of our amnesias and we can
see that even with the star you hitting
us with tackle it did eight damage so
we're in a four hit KO range here
but with Spore setup we can now go into
Dream Eater to recover health and it
turns out to be a three hit KO with
three Amnesia set up now on the Starmie
we're definitely not going to learn
tackle that would be terrible but we
don't have any moves that are actually
effective here so our best strategy is
to put Starmie to sleep I decided to use
Dream Eater a couple times just to see
if I could recover a decent amount of
Health but really hydropump is the play
because even though it's resisted
hydropump is still a same type move and
since both hydro pump and dream meter
are using our special stat it's not like
one move is using a better stat in order
to do more damage but this fight really
just becomes a war of attrition as long
as we can keep Starmie asleep for enough
turns we should be able to hydro pump it
down now here she goes for harden when
she woke up fortunately for us so we put
her back to sleep and then it just takes
a couple more hits in order to knock
this one out and I finish her off with a
Dream Eater so there we go we've gotten
two badges with godcarp it's not exactly
fast given the fact that we have to
really Whittle opponents down and we've
always got to do a ton of setups so you
wouldn't really want this for a speed
run but in a challenge that's all about
beating the game on minimum battles or
at least close to minimum battles this
is looking pretty good so with that
fight out of the way we can take on
Rival 2. this could actually be a
difficult fight because he's got four
Pokemon he can use sand attack this
might not be as consistent as you would
think so starting out we just want to
put this Spiro to sleep with Spore we
can see Peck does about a third of our
health with a single hit and now once we
do have it asleep we can set up amnesia
but we're hoping for it to stay asleep
enough turns that we can start to knock
it out we get a critical hit with Dream
Eater which isn't great and it wakes up
and it hits a five turn Fury attack
enough to knock us out and give us our
first reset with God carp now that's
kind of bad luck though it's not going
to hit a five hit Fury attack very often
most of the time it will hit like
another pack or it might use growl or
leer which don't really matter and we
can just put it back to sleep and go
back into our Dream eaters the reason we
wanted to use Dream Eater there was to
try to recover some health but in this
second attempt I'm basically able to
keep Spiro asleep the whole time and the
actual play here is to go for hydro pump
hydro pump would do more damage but two
dream meters does get the job done we
outspeed sand true so we can just put it
to sleep just for safety and then use a
hydro pump Rattata will out speed us but
we can just put it to sleep and here
since I took damage I decided to use
dream meter it's a one-hit KO finally on
the Eevee just put this Pokemon to sleep
and we can go into hydro pump it's not
quite a one-hit chaos so we're gonna
need a second hydro pump but it was no
problem clearly the first reset was just
kind of bad luck and that happens in
these minimum battles runs you're not
going to be perfectly consistent all the
time at about 17 minutes and 30 seconds
we've managed to beat rival 2 and Misty
now this might be a lot slower than what
you're used to if you're used to
watching speed based solo runs one
reason is because I use animations I use
animations because I'm low vision and it
helps me keep track of the action on the
screen but if you turned off animations
you could cut a decent amount of time
off of these runs but regardless
Magikarp is moving on up to Bill's house
while Mewtwo is still struggling back
there in Mount Moon trying to get enough
levels that it will actually be able to
beat Misty and rival 2. in fact at the
time that mewpoo is finally fighting
Jesse and James at the end of Mount moon
godcarb has already moved on to the ssan
and is getting ready to take on Rival 3.
so let's see how the Rival 3 fight goes
and if we have any resets
so unlike the Rival 2 fight we actually
outspeed the Spiro at this point so we
just put it to sleep with Spore and
we've got nothing else to worry about
when you out speed an opponent with a
sleep move you pretty much always have a
chance to get through that fight on
minimum battles if you're not using
Spore there's some luck involved but
here we just put it to sleep we set up
everything and now we're just
one-shotting Pokemon on this team the
first hydro pump misses on Sandshrew
meaning we took a slash but we took it
out on the next turn and now with Evie
coming out we could just put it to sleep
we still have full accuracy I decided to
use Dream Eater just to recover health
and it's a two hit KO so godcarp is
cruising at this point and it shows the
one stat that I think is actually
important for our God carp which is its
speed stat the fact that it can outspeed
opponents with this move Spore means
that it's gonna have a pretty easy time
getting through a lot of sections of the
game basically until we get to the late
game and opponents actually can out
speed godcarp any resets are basically
more due to bad luck than actually this
run being inconsistent
but as we wave goodbye to the SSA and we
can see that miyupu has made its way to
Misty's gym and it's leveled up quite a
bit here it's gotten all the way to
level 26 levels higher than I was
struggling against her before and maybe
this will be enough to be able to win
this fight I actually think the Misty
fight will be easier than the Rival 2
fight given that rival 2 has so many
Pokemon but let's see if mewpoo can
actually get the job done
[Music]
so I decided the best strategy here
would be to go for rage because we don't
take too much damage from water gun or
tackle and maybe star you can just set
up enough hits on us that we get really
high attack stats from the attack boosts
on rage now when we get to Starmie the
issue is that it uses Harden and X
defend resulting in its defense going up
quite a bit and bubble beam is doing a
lot of damage 13 damage per hit but here
we are getting through this fight we get
down to 10 HP when we knock her out but
rage was enough at level 20 in order to
beat Misty now the question is how do we
do against rival 2. the answer is not
great because rage strats still break
down here because of the fact that he
can use sand attack and if we miss a
single rage our accuracy is basically
dropped to 0.4 percent we he no longer
can hit opponents which means that once
we get that single sand attack we're
probably out of this fight but what
about side wave strats well Psy wave is
just gonna do random amounts of damage
which means that it's probably possible
to win this fight eventually with
sidewave the problem is just that it's
not going to be consistent in any way
shape or form we're just gonna have to
hope to get the good damage rolls and
here where we got a single sand attack
yet again we just can't really hit
opponents anymore I ended up switching
into rage because I was running out of
pp on sidewave and I had to take a
second reset on Rival 2. back for a
third attempt in this one I'm trying to
use sidewave hopefully just to get
through the first two Pokemon and then
maybe I can go into rage strats if I
don't have any accuracy drops
unfortunately in this one we start
getting sand attacked into Oblivion by
the sand true I decided to go for bide
because Bai does bypass accuracy checks
but we just don't have enough HP at this
point and we get knocked out by the
Rattata so it's starting to look like
we're just gonna have to go level up
with food because here at level 21 it's
still not enough but we do get a fight
like this where we can get Spiro down
with two side waves with just lucky
rolls we do over half to Sandshrew with
the first side wave and knock it out in
two hits without any accuracy drops now
we can actually go for counter strats on
the Rattata counter is affected by
accuracy checks so we can't just go for
that infinitely but now we've gotten all
the way to Evie I decided to go into
sidewave just to hopefully be able to
avoid any accuracy strats and two side
waves plus a single counter were enough
to knock it out so at level 21 we got
through but we can say definitively that
this is not a consistent fight and in
fact to be able to consistently beat
rival 2 we would have to level up a lot
more than this
so it took 34 minutes for mute poo to
actually be able to get through the
Cerulean City Section and it's starting
to look like this is just a complete
Runway God carp is an actual God to your
Pokemon and mewpoo has actually Fallen
to being one of the worst Pokemon in the
game so it might be more accurate to
compare mewpoo to how we did with the
legend carp run where we just used
Dragon rage and hydro pump then to
compare it to this God carp because God
carp is just looking too strong but even
this comparison doesn't look very good
because the good car or Legend carp run
managed to beat rival 2 at only nine and
a half minutes and with only two resets
so anyway you look at it this Mewtwo is
terrible it is getting completely
crushed by the early game but maybe
things will ease up later on maybe God
carp will actually hit a wall at some
point allowing mupu to catch up a little
bit but we'll just have to see right now
God carp is taking down the Rock Tunnel
hiker the infamous self-destruct boy
himself and with Spore and with the
access to Dream Eater we don't even need
to use hydro pump here Dream Eater is
100 accurate meaning that it's the more
consistent play and it's only a couple
hits to knock these Pokemon out so it's
progressing on the way to Lavender Town
while our mewpoo is still struggling
just to get over the Nugget Bridge well
if there ever was a wall to God carp
it's probably gonna be Erica right I
mean she has three grass type Pokemon
she has smart AI unlike Lieutenant Serge
who will just attack randomly which
means this is a fight that could become
difficult in order to get through in
fact in our last Magikarp attempt with
hydro pump and dragon rage we had to get
all the way to level 68 in order to win
this fight and even when we did get to
that point it was barely successful
surviving with 9 HP as it knocked the
Gloom out so let's see if God carp is
actually that much better than the last
legend carp run or or is this gonna be
an absolutely terrible fight
foreign
well the good news in the Erica fight is
that God carp is faster than all of her
Pokemon which means we can simply put
the first Tangela to sleep we're doing
all the standard stuff the same setup
and we're just gonna use hydro pump and
dream eater in order to knock this
Pokemon Out and because we outspeed this
is going to be a perfectly consistent
fight the only way that we could ever
theoretically lose this would be if we
lost all of our spores just the opponent
waking up the first turn every single
time we did get kind of bad luck here on
Tangela but we do knock it out and now
as long as we have Spore and we still
have some dream eaters we've got super
effective moves against the Weepinbell
and Gloom their two hit Kos with the
dream eater but as long as we just keep
them asleep this is no problem
whatsoever and here we're going into the
final Gloom we yet again outspeed it and
dream meter it down with only two hits
we're at level 26 okay we are literally
42 levels lower than it took to beat
Erica with Legend carp we're still on
minimum battles we haven't fought a
single optional trainer and godcarp is
completely destroying the game like this
is stupid always is even possible well
it comes down to the fact that in my
opinion I think there's only one stat
that actually matters when you have a
god-tier moveset and that is speed
it's what allows godcarp to completely
Crush opponent here and it's what makes
me wonder how a Caterpie with a
similarly broken moveset would actually
perform because unlike godcarp it's not
gonna have the speed advantage on
everything as it goes through the game
if you'd like to see something like that
drop a comment and let me know
but just to clarify how important speed
is in this run let's check out the
Giovanni number one fight at the bottom
of the game corner here we outspeed the
Onyx which means we simply put it to
sleep we set up amnesia blah blah blah
it's all just the same standard stuff
and here we can go for Dream Eater or we
can go for hydro pump they're both
perfectly fine
hydro pump is a little less accurate but
it will be a one-hit KO and we won hit
KO the right horn no problem the problem
is we are outsped by Persian and its
bite manages to Flinch our godcarp
causing the second reset in the game we
just couldn't out speed so we couldn't
hit that opponent but it's not like this
fight is completely inconsistent or
something like that it was just bad luck
to get the Flinch and flinches can only
happen when your opponent out speeds you
so on the second attempt against
Giovanni we simply do the same thing
against the two rocks there's nothing to
change in this section but once we get
back to the Persian we're just hoping to
get better luck and be able to put it to
sleep this time this time we do have
manage to land Spore on it we can go
into hydro pump and it's a one-hit KO so
we would have won if we had simply not
been flinched that single turn we would
have just put it to sleep and then we
would have easily taken this fight down
so clearly we're only going to struggle
in the godcarp run in cases where we're
outsped by our opponents now that's not
very common in this section of the game
but as we get to the late game it's
going to become more and more common and
those are the sections of the game that
I think will finally struggle in order
to get through some opponents and resets
will stop being just about bad luck and
sometimes be inevitable but even then
not every Pokemon that out speeds us is
going to be created equal in the case of
rival 4 his first pharaoh does outspeed
God carp but it doesn't matter he
doesn't have a smart AI a move that's
gonna easily knock us out which means
that we can just go into the same spam
of putting him to sleep setting up the
Amnesia now I chose to dream meter him
down and for the rest of the team we
outspeed everything so we just gotta
choose which move is gonna be the
easiest to get the easy KO and we can
pretty quickly knock these Pokemon out
but this is a little bit of a false
sense of security here that maybe God
carp is becoming so strong that we can
just fight anything without any worries
about having to take resets I mean we've
only reset twice to this point in the
game and both of those felt like really
really bad luck
and it's to the point where yeah he can
use Quick attack to do decent damage to
us with the Eevee but we just put it to
sleep and we finished the fight on full
health okay well I'll just go take on
Lieutenant's surge at this point right I
mean he doesn't even have Smart AI in
this version so we should absolutely
crush this fight with a single Pokemon
on his team
all right
well it turns out I might have been a
little over ambitious because Raichu
still out speeds and a single
Thunderbolt knocks out our Magikarp so I
decided to go back and try this one
again because this is clearly just a
matter of resets until he uses growl
turn one or something like that and then
we're definitely gonna win but he can
just keep choosing the best move over
and over and over again you just don't
know because he has random AI in this
version of the game he'll eventually
make a mistake but this is one of the
things that you have to optimize for
here he finally in the third attempt to
use his next speed turn one so we can
put him to sleep we can now set up the
amnesias and now I'm thinking probably
even if he wakes up will be fine and a
single hydro pump knocks him out
and this is one of those spots where to
be perfectly consistent we would have to
level up more in order to make sure that
we outsped every time but even without
out speeding we can still win the fight
so basically whenever a Pokemon has a
decent moveset you don't necessarily
need to over optimize the run and while
yes you could do certain things in order
to reduce the number of resets you're
gonna have it's just not necessary in
order to beat the game and often times
just resetting is much faster than going
and training up more levels but what
about when you don't have a great
moveset for example in the case of
mewpoo well as we go into the Rival 3
fight we can see that we've massively
over leveled getting all the way up to
level 30 at this point in the game
because I just don't have any confidence
at what level I'm gonna be able to beat
my opponents here because he leads off
with Spiro and because he doesn't use
sand attack with the first two Pokemon I
decided to go with rage it ends up being
a two hit KO here on this Andrew but
fortunately no sand attack the final EV
does sand attack me but I did manage to
hit it so we were able to beat rival 3
but will Lieutenant surge be just as
easy
[Music]
a big part of why I've leveled up so
much at this point is to make sidewave
do more damage and here it does about a
third to the Raichu but then I decided
to try counter because he can use Mega
Punch or Mega kick and we might be able
to do enough damage we take him down to
Red health and then one more side wave
knocks him out so we didn't have any
troubles with these Pokemon at this
point but that's not gonna Remain the
case for very long for mewpoo but it's
gonna take quite a while to get through
the Rock Tunnel and get to the next
major battle so in the meantime let's
see how God carp does in its first
attempt against Koga
foreign
[Music]
Carp Is entering this fight under
leveled at level 32 and normally this is
a really tough fight for water type
Pokemon because koga's AI is set where
his first and third venonats will only
spam sleep powder until you're asleep
and then they'll just start hitting you
with tons and tons of attacks but we
outspeed so we just put all three of the
venonats to sleep and as long as we can
keep them asleep we've got amnesia set
up we just don't want Critical Hits we
can then just take these Pokemon down
with a 100 accurate dream beaters and
this is the case whenever you have a
sleep move against Koga and you out
speed you can simply use this sort of
strategy in order to slowly Whittle him
down when we get to the final vitamoth
though it is one of the fastest Pokemon
you meet up to this point in the game
now he uses an X attack which allows me
to get to sleep on him but we can see
that even with three Amnesia set up it's
still looking like a three at Ko I was
worried he would wake up so I went for
hydro pump the final turn
so that went really well but it's only
because Spore is a hundred percent
accurate most of the time when you're
here with a sleep using Pokemon it's
using something like maybe sleep powder
or hypnosis and the inaccuracy of those
moves means that even though you out
speed against Koga a single Miss with
the Sleep move can result in you getting
taken down because of psychic toxic and
double-edged
so godcarb is definitely God here but as
it's making its way down to fight Blaine
next we've finally gotten mewpoo through
the Rock Tunnel so now let's see how it
does in the Rival 4 fight
this is probably the first time it's
ever taken me an hour to get to rival 4
with a Pokemon like Mewtwo but hey
that's fine we're gonna use rage here at
the start of the fight and because the
first pharaoh can use fury attack which
hits multiple times it's actually a
really great spot for rage because every
hit raises our attack now we can just
one shot Magnemite it's going to be an
easy KO here on the shelter it's two
hits just because of its good defense we
move on to the sand true it's a one-hit
KO there and on the final Eevee it's
going to be a two hit KO so an easy
fight at this point but this is about to
come to a screeching halt I think but
we'll get to that in a bit first let's
see how godcarp does against Blaine I
chose to take this battle because hey
we're a water type we should be able to
resist his fire type moves if we can set
up amnesia it's probably not that
difficult in order to win this fight
Blaine is just random in Pokemon yellow
let's see
foreign
now I think that the blame fight in
Pokemon yellow is the most
underestimated gym leader fight in the
entire game this is not blame from
Pokemon red blue using super potions
when he's at full health this is an
actual challenge even for water type
Pokemon especially when you're coming
here anywhere near minimum battles
because the the first nine Tails gets
tons of critical hits with flamethrower
it can confuse you tail whip is kind of
whatever but even Quake attack does
decent damage here and even if you get
through the first nine tails you've
still gotta deal with his Rapidash using
stomp takedown and fire Spin and you've
got to deal with the final Arcanine that
has a much better move set here as well
with flamethrower fire blast this just
isn't happening so that's the first spot
where God carb actually had to give up
on a fight in spite of having a type
advantage it's pretty clear that the
correct play is to actually go and fight
rival 5 but let's see if we can stay on
minimum battles or have we finally
reached God carp's limit well if you
look at the stats on the left you can
see that we have a badge boost in speed
giving us 72 total speed and that means
that we have enough speed to out speed
everything on Rival 5's team with only
the exception of his Kadabra so if we
can avoid getting knocked out by Kadabra
we will win this fight the sand slash is
easy we just hydro pump it down now when
we get to The Cloister I'm gonna put it
to sleep and I'm going to use Dream
Eater in order to whittle it down and
this is just because it's going to
resist hydro pump but really you could
go either way here we've managed to
knock it out in three hits It's on to
the Magneton which yet again we outspeed
so this is no problem normally this
would be the hardest Pokemon for a water
type but the speed Advantage is
perfectly fine here so I'm just going to
go ahead and knock it out it looks like
a four hit KO here Magneton is really
bulky but now here's the real challenge
can we beat this cadabra well it doesn't
attack us and we put it to sleep and now
hydro pump is a two hit KO on the
cadabra so we're on to the final Flareon
where yet again we're just gonna out
speed it put it to sleep and we've got
hydro pump this is an incredibly easy
fight so I should have just fought rival
5 from the beginning and with rival 5
going down we're obviously not gonna
have any troubles with Jesse and James
so I just completely destroy them you
know this is just a one-hit KO Fest and
we can move on to Giovanni the boss of
the Team Rocket hey he's just another
super easy fight because we can just set
everything up and we've got super
effective moves Cakewalk so now it's
time to go back to Blaine and see if we
can beat him because basically fighting
Sabrina here wouldn't be great she's
gonna be just really random with
accuracy strats but Blaine could be
really really hard still we've only
gained one level since godcarp has only
gained three levels since we tried him
last time we're still gonna be outsped
but let's see
[Music]
now off the get-go this is gonna look
like exactly the same battle as before
we're just getting completely wrecked by
Blaine over and over and over again but
there's actually a very key difference
Can you spot it when we set up our three
amnesias we are now able to out speed
the very first nine tails and in fact
with one badge boost either from a tail
whip or a growl we can out speed all of
his Pokemon
but the problem is we level up in the
middle of the fight so all we need to do
is use a rare candy to get to level 37
and now if we can just get that tail
whip or growl that we need we'll
actually be able to outspeed his entire
team and at that point this will be a
win so is this going to be consistent
well no but most of the time minimum
battles runs are not going to be
perfectly consistent unless you're doing
Mewtwo but they are possible and in this
case I don't think we need any
additional levels so in this run we're
finally going to get the situation where
it missed tail whip turn one that's
perfectly fine I decided to just put
nine tails to sleep instead of my
amnesia's first so I can survive a
flamethrower then the strategy is to use
Dream Eater to recover health as needed
and otherwise just Spam Amnesia and wait
for the turns until he finally will hit
me with a tail whip if he doesn't
actually hit me with tail whip and I end
up getting to the Rapidash that's
perfectly fine too I just need one more
badge boost in order to outspeed
everything we already out speed nine
tails at this point so it's just about
getting that last badge boost here we
get confused which kinda sucks but we
snap out of confusion we put it back to
sleep we're just gonna sit here and use
more dream eaters basically whenever
we're in a position where it might be
able to knock me out I just want to put
it to sleep and just get health back now
we don't like when we get Critical Hits
because they do a lot less damage as you
can see but we're basically pretty close
to Knocking nine tails out at this point
and we don't mind him using proportions
because yet again we're just trying to
get that extra badge boost here we've
finally gotten it so now we can put nine
tails to sleep I'm using dream meter
just to recover a little bit of Health
before I get to the next couple Pokemon
because you know hydro pump can miss
sometimes but now we outspeed the
Rapidash and now we can just go ahead
and I just kept using dream meter yet
again just in case we could always get a
1 in 256 glitch and miss an opponent but
once I'm back to full health basically
we just want to knock that one out we're
on to the final Arcanine I've got all
the pp to use with hydro pump let's see
what it does it is a two hit KO range
here but just like that God carp has
beaten Blaine on minimum battles it used
one rare candy but that was it so at an
hour and 21 minutes of real time we've
managed to beat the first six gyms of
the game with a Magikarp we're moving on
to the final two gyms Sabrina and
Giovanni but before we get into those
let's see how mewpoo's been doing in
this section as it turns out while
godcarb was fighting rival 5 mewpoo was
making its way to Celadon City to take
on Erica
now we have to see if we can get through
with rage strats we are very over
leveled compared to Erica's team at this
point so maybe this will be just fine
foreign
[Music]
so going into the Erica fight as with
most fights with miyupu my default
strategy is just to go for rage it's the
simplest strategy and if it works if I
can just survive enough hits and I can
manage to get the damage output up
enough this is the
strategy to get through the game with
whenever we have to go for counter or
bide strats or rely on sidewave luck
it's not very good but here even with
paralysis we're doing more than enough
damage we've taken down the first two
Pokemon on the final Gloom it's
basically a two hit KO so as long as we
don't get terrible paralysis luck we
should get through this one and that was
just fine we beat Erica on the first
attempt and now we can take on Giovanni
where we can't really go for the rage
Strat because here his Onyx isn't going
to take a lot of damage from that move
so instead this is the spot where we go
for side Wave It's a two-hit KO on the
first Onyx now moving on to the right
horn I decided to use rage here hoping
that it would just hit me with Horton
attack enough times that I would get my
attack stat up really high so that when
I get to the Persian I can knock it out
with rage we can see that this is
working I am taking it down pretty
quickly and on the final version it's a
two hit KO so we get through Giovanni
with no trouble so then the Pokemon
Tower is nothing to talk about so let's
go straight to rival number five I'm
just gonna follow the same route that I
used with God carp basically just seeing
if we can manage to beat rival 5 right
here rather than going and fighting any
of the Tough Gym Leaders
and here the default strategy is to go
rage well it does basically nothing
against sand slash in those slashes and
Swifts do way too much damage here so we
go down on the first attempt now I
attempted this over and over and over
again I tried counter strats I tried
side wave strats I tried everything at
our current level even at level 37 so
we're almost at the same level as his
Pokemon Mewtwo's just not getting
through this is a completely terrible
situation and we can get to the second
Pokemon with good luck with sidewave but
we're just not getting any further than
that and Koga is not gonna be much
better because he's gonna be using toxic
strats on us which means that we're
really gonna struggle to get through
because every single move that we have
is never going to be a one-hit KO on his
Pokemon so I think the only thing to do
is to grind up more levels so it may
have looked like I was over leveling
maybe I was trying to sandbag this
Mewtwo earlier on no we need every level
that we can get to even have a shot at
getting through these major trainers so
while Mewtwo goes and gains some extra
levels let's see how God carp does
against Sabrina this could be tough
[Music]
now I cut out One reset against Sabrina
because I failed to recover PP before
going into the battle so we're just
gonna take that one off it's counted in
the score but here we can put avra to
sleep it didn't use any accuracy drops
on us this time and I decided to go for
Dream Eater here against the Abra just
to keep PP in hydro pump for the last
two Pokemon especially against the
Alakazam that's what we're going to want
to use and because we can actually out
speed the Abra after we set up our badge
boost this is just a matter of taking it
down little by little we're always going
to get through the Abra as long as we
get that first turn without it Landing
flash on us now once we get to the
cadaver it does out speed so I put it to
sleep and I'm going to use hydro pump
Hydro pump's not perfectly or accurate
it's got a 20 chance to miss but as long
as it stays asleep we should be able to
knock it out now I did go for some dream
eaters here which was not the correct
play I should have just stuck with using
my hydro pumps here I was just worried
about running out of pp on the Alakazam
so here finally I'm on low health I just
go into hydropon by knock it out now
Alakazam uses X defend turn one so we
put it to sleep very nice now hydro pump
how much is it gonna do a critical hit
did so little damage we need a
non-critical hit if we can land one more
non-critical hit I think we knock it out
and there we go we have beaten Sabrina
on the first real attempt with PP and
now we can move on to Geo now he will
outspeed us with his first two Pokemon
so this could be really hard but let's
see if we can get the luck to get
through
[Music]
so the Giovanni fight starts off
terribly and it's all because of the
fact that the Doug Trio can basically
One-Shot us if it uses earthquake or dig
now with that being said we should be
able to put this Pokemon to sleep
eventually and then we should have a
chance to win now with luck we can get
through the first two Pokemon but we
have a problem we level up in the middle
of the fight meaning we lose our batch
boost in speed that's the only reason
that I'm using a rare candy here I just
want to have speed so that I can out
speed the two needles because they're
both going to use thunder in Pokemon
yellow and thunder well yes we have
amnesia setup it's still gonna do decent
damage now if we get hit by fissure we
just have to reset immediately and
there's nothing you can do about that
unless you out speed the Dugtrio you
always have a 30 chance of getting
knocked out by fissure and this is one
of the issues with going for consistency
in runs in Pokemon yellow there's just a
lot of spots where unless you're gonna
massively over level you're just not
gonna be able to beat the opponent
consistently because there's always a
chance that they use certain moves or
they get high critical hit chances and
they knock you out
but as soon as we managed to get the
setup here I know that we're going to be
able to get through the rest of the team
here we finally get a turn where he
misses a sand attack we put the Dugtrio
to sleep now we can set up our three
amnesias and a single hydro pump is
definitely gonna knock out this Dugtrio
no problem whatsoever we can move on to
Persian where yeah we don't want to get
hit by slash buddy guard specs so we
just put it to sleep here we can go for
a hydro pump yet again and it's gonna be
a two hit KO here but that's perfectly
fine but now with the badge boost in
speed we outspeed Nidoqueen so we can
put it to sleep and I'm using Dream
Eater here I want to save my hydro pump
PP for the final ride on will definitely
out speed there even if we level up in
the middle of the fight ride-on's just
incredibly slow we take down needle
Queen now it's on the Needle King where
we out speed yet again thanks to the
badge boost in speed so now we can knock
it out I used one hydro pump but then I
went into a Dream Eater to finish it off
final ride on time we just put it to
sleep and we we just need hydro pump to
hit and a single hit knocks out the ride
on we have beaten Giovanni on minimum
battles no optional battles whatsoever
we have used two rare candies in order
to manage our XP so that we didn't level
up and lose badge boosts but really not
too bad and it's only an hour and a half
for this Magikarp to be at this point in
real time playing at four times speed
with animations on that's not a terrible
time and now only rival 6 stands between
God carp and the league and I'm starting
to think we might be able to beat the
entire game on minimum battles with this
Magikarp and if we can manage it without
a ton of resets this Magikarp will end
up god tier on my tier list so let's see
how rival 6 goes
then we're going to speed fight up a
little bit because the strategy is
basically what you would expect we just
put the first hand slash to sleep and
set up and now hydro pump as long as it
hits will be a one shot here unless we
get bad luck I ended up using dream
reader to knock that one out now we put
the execute to sleep and execute would
be really trolley if it were awake you
could use leech seeds done Spore solar
beam but here with it asleep I'm just
whittling it down with Dream Eater
because it doesn't have great special
and I think I want to save my hydro
pumps for later on so here we can now
Put The Cloister to sleep we actually
got a gen1 miss here causing us to miss
the first Spore so we got confused but
that's again just bad luck and with
dream meter we can get back to full
health we outspeed the Magneton we just
need to keep it asleep now we can just
go into our Dream Eater spam and the
biggest issue that I'm worried about is
running out of Spore PP here now we get
hit by a side beam from the cadabra but
as long as it's not a critical hit is
perfectly fine we put it to sleep and
now we just use three Hydro pumps to
knock it out finally we outspeed Flareon
we put it to sleep and hydro pump not
quite a one-hit KO but we take it out on
the last turn with a dream eater and we
have beaten rival six we're moving on to
the league on minimum battles so before
we go to the league I'm gonna pick up
the last of our candy in the power plant
and get a few items just to be prepared
so let's see how mewpoo's been doing in
this time it turns out that as God carp
was taking on Giovanni mupu had finally
managed to make its way to Koga and
while it is very far behind it has no
chance in this race at this point I
don't think it is at least making
progress in the game
but the Koga fight could be incredibly
difficult because he's going to want to
use toxic on our Pokemon a lot and if we
can't find a way to get through him in a
reasonable number of turns we're just
gonna get completely wrecked here Koga
might end up being one of the biggest
walls in the entire run because in
Pokemon Yellow all of his Pokemon can
use toxic
foreign
now you may notice that I've come into
this battle poisoned and that is
intentional I don't want him to be able
to put me to sleep and I don't want him
to use toxic on me so if I come in
poisoned he can't get the status on me
and I can try the rage Strat here
basically hoping that the first venonat
since it will only use tackle against me
will do little enough damage that I can
manage to get rage built up enough that
I can knock out the rest of his Pokemon
the second venonat is a three-hit KO
here but it's clearly just not working
it takes too many turns even with normal
poison to get through and he knocks me
out on the first attempt this is pretty
clearly not going to happen so it's time
to go back to the drawing board and
level up after leveling up all the way
to level 45 I decided this would be a
good time to go back and try rival 5
again because maybe we can just make it
through him at this point he's
definitely going to be easier than Koga
because he's not going to use toxic or
sleep powder on us and here as long as
we can get through this sand slash
without getting any sand attacks I think
we have a chance we used rage this time
and we got no accuracy drops now on The
Cloister it's using things like a roar
beam which drop our attack stat but when
it uses clamp each hit from clamp raises
or Attack by One Stage if we can get to
plus six I think we're just fine he
lands one more hit before we knock him
out getting us to our maximum attack
stat now we can use two hits to knock
out Magneton it's a one-hitter on
cadabra and here on the Flareon it hits
me with fire spin but fortunately it's
not doing very much damage and we get
the last hit to knock him
so we have defeated rival five at this
point and now we can just take on
Giovanni instead but I'm pretty sure we
need a lot more levels before we're
gonna be able to beat Koga and all of
these trainers in Silph Co will
disappear if I beat Giovanni so I'm
gonna fight them all first before we
move on so in the meantime let's see how
God carves doing in its first attempts
at the league now Mewtwo was at about an
hour and 50 minutes when we beat rival 5
there and we've jumped back in time this
is currently about an hour and 35
minutes of real time in both of these
runs and it was at this point that
Magikarp was making its way to the
league now if you're wondering how I did
everything in between where I'm doing
all these Cuts I always put an unlisted
video with the full unedited runs with
live commentary so if you want to check
those out they're Linked In the
description below
but as we make our way to the league
with God carps still on minimum battles
it's time to make some predictions I
think that Lorelei is not going to be
too bad and Bruno is Bruno we have dream
eater in order to take out Agatha so I
think it's really Lance in the champion
that could be walls if anything but here
we're just gonna put all of our other
Pokemon into the PC buy the full
restores that we need and it's time to
see if God carp can beat the entire game
on minimum battles
foreign
[Music]
sure that I would need rare candies in
order to get through Lorelei because a
lot of her Pokemon do resist our moves
so I leveled up to level 50 using rare
candies now I can put dugong to sleep
because I out speed I can set up my
Amnesia and I decided to use Dream Eater
here because I want to save my hydro
pumps for some of the later Pokemon
basically when we get to the later parts
of our team things like Slowbro and Jinx
Hydro pump's gonna do more damage than
dream eater but it's not gonna be super
strong we're gonna need to use a lot of
pp there so here on The Cloister we're
also going to put it to sleep and same
strategy we out speed so we just need to
set up Dream Eater in order to knock it
out now for the Slowbro this is where
I'm gonna put this one to sleep and I'm
gonna use hydro pumps since it resists
both of my moves hydro pump is stronger
it's still effectively 90 base power
here against the Slowbro here we are
able to three shot it now Jinx we
actually out speed thanks to badge boost
and I can go for hydro pump here which
is not resisted by jinx it turns out to
be a two hit KO finally we're on to the
Lapras but we outspeed we've got plenty
of spores and we can just go into the
Dream Eater spam and this isn't doing a
lot of damage but that shouldn't matter
we should be able to just Whittle this
one down eventually as long as it just
doesn't wake up turn one every single
time we're pretty much guaranteed to win
this fight at this point so godcarp has
officially been able to defeat the first
member of the Elite Four and now it's
time to move on to Bruno let's see if we
can first attempt him as well
now in the Bruno fight we basically come
out in an already out speed all of his
Pokemon these Onyx can do nothing we
just need to set up all of the amnesias
and this should be another incredibly
easy fight I made this move set looking
at the Elite Four in particular thinking
about what kind of moves would enable a
Magikarp to beat all of these trainers
in here
we've got the Dream Eater Dream Eater
can completely destroy the hitmans it
turns out to be a two-hit KO here on the
Hitmonlee but then we can just knock it
out because we outspeed and we don't
even need to mess around we can just
hydro pump on the Onyx and it's always
going to be a one hit KO finally we can
put Machamp to sleep because we out
speed and it's turning out to be a
two-hit KO to knock out this Pokemon
Bruno goes down he was never in question
but here's the real challenge Agatha in
every run you're always worried about
how to get through her but let's see if
God carp can do it in one attempt
so fortunately in generation one even
when an opponent sets up substitute you
can still put them to sleep substitute
only blocks poison and confusion status
and things like stat drops from tail
whip what that means is that we can
basically just set up all of our
amnesias I used a hydro pump to break
the substitute and then I go into dream
eater and you'll notice I'm out speeding
even the Gengar thanks to the badge
boost glitch basically the fact that we
have three badge boosts is enough to out
speed everything on Agatha's team as
long as we don't level up in the middle
of the fight
so we are able to just put all of these
Pokemon to sleep and use a super
effective Dream Eater in order to pretty
much wreck the entire team this doesn't
look like it's going to be too difficult
I'm just hoping not to level up here we
knock out the Arbok as we get to the
final Gengar we're still out speeding so
Spore in the dream meter it's a two-hit
KO range here
very very easy win
Agatha was no problem for God carp and
this Pokemon is running on 28 resets to
this point with a completely unoptimized
run and no optional battles but here
before Lance I am going to use a rare
candy to avoid a level up in the middle
of the fight but Lance has two Pokemon
with electric type moves he could wreck
this run let's find out
foreign
now the first thing to notice in this
fight is that we out speed the Gyarados
and this is the effect of stat
experience basically we've knocked out
tons of Pokemon as we've gone through
the game and it's raised all of our
stats so basically what you call EVS and
later generations in gen 1 it was stat
experience so we've gotten enough stat
experience in speed that we can actually
out speed to this Gyarados even though
we're at a lower level so we just set up
and take it down but now we leveled up
which means we lost our badge boost
which might affect this fight we might
not be able to out speed everything at
this point but really it shouldn't make
too much of a difference here the
Dragonair is just an easy to hit KO here
we can go ahead and put the second
Dragonair to sleep and I decided to just
test out how hydro pump would do how
dreammeter would do either way we
knocked it out in two hits we get to the
Aerodactyl it hits a big Swift I put it
to sleep and I tried to use dream eater
but it woke up and a Hyper Beam ends me
on the first run but I think this is
possible now I decided to just go ahead
and pop it rare candy so that they
wouldn't lose badge boosts because I'm
not just getting badge boost in speed
I'm getting badge boosts in defense and
attack and extra defense might have
allowed us to survive there against the
Aerodactyl so here in the second attempt
I'm just gonna put the Gyarados to sleep
again we're doing the same setup here
there's no difference in this section of
the fight the only real difference is
that I decided to just Spam Dream Eater
here and see how much damage I would do
not use any Hydro pumps I'll save those
for later
Dream Eater is doing a decent amount of
damage here but it's looking like it's
not quite a three-hit KO I tried hydro
pump there but then he uses a hyper
potion he can use one hyper potion per
Pokemon which is really truly in Solo
runs because I have limited PP and if I
run out of moves then I might just lose
by default I might just not be able to
get through this one but here we've
managed to keep Gyarados to sleep long
enough to finally dream mirror it down
here on the dragon era I decided to just
stick with Dream Eater it turns out to
be a two hit KO so as long as we can
just land the two hits we're perfectly
fine here same on the second Dragonair
we outspeed so we don't need to worry
about what their movesets or anything
because they're just going down the same
way the one that we're worried about is
the Aerodactyl a critical to hit Hyper
Beam will wreck us every time but with
the badge boost in defense Swift didn't
do that much and we were able to one
shot it with hydro pump now we can put
Dragonite to sleep we are kind of
Landing low on PP I'm not sure exactly
what the best strategy is if we get
Critical Hits like that it actually does
a lot less damage because in gen 1
basically Critical Hits ignore all of
your stat boosts so the fact that we
have four times special from all the
amnesias that we've set up doesn't
matter when we get a critical hit and so
we're just really hoping to stop
critical hitting here we're running low
on the Dream Eater PP so I'm switching
into hydro pump hoping that I just have
enough PP and I get enough hits to knock
this Dragonite out I've got it down to a
sliver and a Dream Eater finishes it off
so we had a grand total of one reset on
Lance and we are on to the champion
own minimum battles we have not taken a
single now fortunately the champion does
have the Flareon team this is always the
case when you run on minimum battles
unless you intentionally lose the Rival
one fight in which case you'll have the
Vaporeon team but what that means is
that he doesn't have his fastest Pokemon
nine tails and Jolteon so we should be
able to out speed pretty much everything
here with setup but can we get it on the
first attempt
[Music]
so here in the champion fight we know
we're going to out speed the first sand
slash so we just need to do all of our
setup here we've set up Spore it wakes
up immediately we put it back to sleep
we're just gonna set up three amnesias
here and I think with three amnesias it
shouldn't matter a hydro pump should
just one shot the sand slash it does and
we're on to Alakazam here we actually
out speed Alakazam thanks to the badge
boost in speed so as long as we didn't
level up before Alakazam we were
perfectly fine here and so we've
basically just guaranteed a win I think
at this point the problem is that we are
getting some Critical Hits and critical
hits always do less damage image because
they ignore our stat boosts so we ended
up using an awful lot of hydro pumps
right here on the Alakazam that's not
really ideal I'm gonna have to keep
these last two Hydro pumps in my pocket
for the Flareon at the very end so I'm
going to just use Dream Eater here on
the exeggutor and hope that I can
Whittle it down it's gonna take quite a
few turns to do so but it should
ultimately work out what is clear is
that if you are using a less accurate
sleep move something like hypnosis here
this would be absolutely terrible but
the fact that we can guarantee sleep
every single turn with God carb means
that exeggutor will go down eventually
we're also just hoping he doesn't use a
full restore because that would be
terrible we've got it all the way down
to a sliver and we finally knock it out
now we can move on to Magneton I'm gonna
put it to sleep and I'm gonna go right
back into Dream Eater we get the
critical hit yet again here we've just
gotten so many crits in this fight and
AV forward stores it's probably game
over because we just don't have enough
PP to get through all of its Pokemon now
we're to The Cloister and we're gonna
put it to sleep we're gonna stick with
dream eater and it's gonna take about
three hits to knock this one out he
doesn't full restore fortunately we're
all the way to the Flareon so now we
just need to put this one to sleep and
we have one dream eater and we've got
two Hydro pumps I missed the first hydro
pump I missed the second hydro pump
dream meter is not gonna do anywhere
near enough damage I could try to
struggle this one down but I decided to
just reset right there we just need to
get better luck we just don't want
critical hits the fewer Critical Hits we
get the better so here we are in the
second attempt at the champion we've now
hit the point of having 30 resets we're
at an hour and 51 minutes but if we can
just manage to get the setup here I
think we have a chance to still beat the
game on minimal battles and really it
should just be a matter of just getting
kind of worse luck with crits
technically because in most cases you
would want Critical Hits but not here
here once again we one shot the sand
slash it's perfectly fine we're still
out speeding Alakazam we use hydro pump
it's looking like a two-hit KO it stays
asleep this time so we're able to get
the two hitter we still have plenty of
pp in the bag for the Flareon at the end
we're just gonna do the same strategy
here on exeggutor just keeping it asleep
I used hydro pump here because I had
more PP but I'm still gonna keep at
least two in the bag they're 80 accurate
we should hit hydro pump most of the
time so the fact that we missed two in a
row on the Flareon was just incredibly
unlucky and Incredibly unlikely but it
happens you know so here we've got the
executor pretty much taken down it's all
the way down to a sliver he doesn't use
a full restore we're able to move on to
the Magneton where this time without
Critical Hits this is a pure three hit
KO so as long as we're not getting bad
luck we should be able to win this fight
very very easily from here on out we
move on to the Cloister it should be the
same situation A three-hit KO range as
long as we don't get Critical Hits here
we get the first two with no crits
perfect now the final Dream Eater knocks
it out where all the way back to Flareon
we put it to sleep it hits us with a big
quick attack but we did put it to sleep
hydro pump connects and there we go God
carp has beaten the entire game of
Pokemon Yellow on minimum battles
what does this tell us this tells us
that this is the kind of moveset that a
Pokemon needs in order to completely
crush this game now you might be saying
well this is only possible because you
gave this Magikarp the most completely
broken moveset in the history of the
game true but there are a lot of Pokemon
that are running very similar sets to
this in full game solo runs Gengar
venomoth Poliwhirl Ivysaur we've beaten
the game already with 18 Pokemon on zero
DB's minimum battles and with no TMS
and with only the exception of Mewtwo
Slowbro the one hit KO Mew and the HM
only Mew every other Pokemon has been
running a sleep set with good coverage
moves so what we've discovered is that
with a move set like this with badge
boost with sleep with two good strong
coverage moves any Pokemon would be able
to beat the game on minimum battles so
ultimately this unoptimized run of God
carp land at sixth place on my total
tier list behind only Mewtwo Hypno
Weepinbell Poliwhirl and Gengar and with
optimizations it would easily jump over
a lot of these Pokemon so this is a
truly god-tier Pokemon but I know a lot
of you probably have already completely
forgotten about mewpoo the worst Mewtwo
how low is it gonna come in on the tier
list let's get back and see how it's
going so it turns out that it was as we
were putting God's carp on the tier list
that mewpoo was finally taking on
Giovanni in silco and it's not a
terribly difficult fight we can actually
just use rage the entire time yes this
right horde is going to resist our
damage but it's also going to give us a
bunch of attack boosts so we can
basically just Whittle it down without
too much issue and at this point we're
already up at level 50 with our mewpoo
and still having trouble getting through
a lot of fights basically we still
haven't beaten Koga we still have to
beat Sabrina we have tons of battles
still left in front of us so I'm gonna
kind of speed through these because we
don't want to take a ton of time we'll
note the level and the time that we are
able to beat each opponent
so it's ultimately at level 52 that
we're able to take on Koga with our
mewpoo and at this point I basically
gave up on the strategy of trying to go
in poisoned and instead I got lucky and
he put me to sleep and it was a nice
long sleep this first venonat can only
use a tackle which means that it's only
going to just build my rage it's not
going to do a ton of damage and we end
up knocking it out then it's a two-hit
KO on the other venonats we're gonna
finally get hit with toxic here by the
third venonat but we do knock it out and
on the venomoth we move first we're able
to hit it it does heal damage with leech
life so it's looking like a three hit KO
here but we are ultimately able to get
through and we're moving on so with Koga
going down it's time to move on now to
blame and the blame fight really comes
down to just using rage and hoping not
to be confused for a ton of turns hoping
not to get any Critical Hits and we're
at level 55 here so we've gained just a
couple of levels not too much extra
grinding though here we're able to get
to the Rapidash we're no longer confused
takedown doesn't do that much we knock
it out in two hits we're all the way to
the Arcanine it's looking like a two-hit
KO takedown didn't do that much we
didn't quite get the range so there we
go we beat him in three hits now on to
Sabrina and this is all about resetting
for a fight where she doesn't get the
accuracy drop turn one we managed to get
through the Abra in two hits and now on
the cadabra it hits with a weak side
wave so we get an extra boost in the
attack and we knock it out she X depends
on Alakazam which is not good and then
she sets up reflect really bad but we
can get Critical Hits and we've managed
to knock her out and that didn't even
look particularly hard but now it's on
to Giovanni Giovanni is not just a gain
of one or two levels no we had to gain
15 additional levels getting all the way
to level 70. to get through this fight
and it all comes down to the fact that
rage strats just don't really work here
he's going to be using double team with
the Persian and once we get to the ride
on it does basically no damage so we
have to use sidewave strats but Psy wave
just wasn't doing enough damage together
with its low accuracy we have to get
really lucky rolls and we have to just
get them all to hit so it takes four
hits just to take down that Persian now
we're on to the needle Queen where I'm
using Psy wave again we missed the first
one we get hit with a thunder that
didn't do too much damage but we managed
to get the roll finally to get a three
hit KO there now on the Neo King we get
a really good first roll of mass second
roll but we knock it out in three hits
we're all the way to the right on we
just need to avoid like a big earthquake
or something like that and here he tries
to use horn drill so we take him down in
three hits there we go we've beaten all
eight gems now it's on to the Rival
number six fight and this one yet again
isn't super easy I had multiple resets
here but it basically comes down to
using rage and we really want him to use
fury swipes Fury swipes will just build
up our rage very quickly and then we can
pretty much just knock out the execute
we didn't quite get the one hit but we
got it in a two hit now we get to The
Cloister he uses clamp but that's fine
it's just gonna get us to our maximum
attack stat
our text that's already basically up to
900 at this point and it means that
we're doing about as much damage as we
could ever hope to do with this move
rage it's still not a one hit KO on the
cadaver it's a two-hit KO but we have
plenty of Health left on the Flareon and
we one shot it so All That Remains is
the Elite Four let's see if we can go
ahead and beat Lorelei
[Music]
foreign
so here this is the first attempt
against Lorelei and I'm just gonna use
rage we found at the end of the rosador
race when we did 50 base power moves
with Mewtwo that actually we can easily
beat Lorelei with this move it's not
really even difficult you just use rage
and none of our moves do enough damage
to a Mewtwo everything that she has
that's strong is basically special and
she can use things like Spike cannon
that just build our rage quite a bit
same for clamp it's just gonna build the
rage up and allow us to do a lot more
damage so we knock it out now we're on
the Slowbro it's looking like a three
hit KO here but surf does basically
nothing and turns out to be a two hit
after the surf we one shot the Jinx
we're all the way to the final Lapras so
if we just don't get Frozen no problem
we take her down on the first attempt so
Lorelei goes down and it's time to move
on to Bruno
[Music]
now the Bruno fight can be hard because
we can't just go for rage strats here we
don't do enough damage to his Pokemon so
we have to use sidewave and sidewave is
just random if we get bad roles We're
not gonna win but we can get good roles
like this one on Hitmonchan and as long
as we hit it one more time it goes down
but in Pokemon yellow Bruno does use
double team with the hitmans which is
very very trolly we've do finally land
the hit now on the Hitmonlee we actually
want to use counter all of its attacking
moves are normal or fighting type which
means we can always return damage and if
he uses an item you can actually use
counter and it will just use whatever
the last damage he did was so we knocked
that one out with counter strats now
back to sidewave on the second Onyx it
turns out to be a two-hit chaos right
there and finally we're on the Machamp
Machamp also only uses physical moves we
could use counter strats here I decided
to go for side wave instead and we
finally get the range to knock him out
at level 75.
[Music]
thank you
now against Agatha we are taking her on
at level 75. now I tried it at this
level at the end of the 50 base power
moves only Mewtwo run and basically it
just comes down to the ranges that you
get from sidewave you can get really
really good rolls and you can get
through this at a pretty decent level or
you can get really really bad roles and
even at level 100 you'd just never get
through this fight it's completely
random and you don't have the option to
use something like rage I mean byte
strats could be used here but they're
really bad you don't have enough HP to
get through all five of her Pokemon if
you're just going by the whole time and
the fact that she confuses you just
makes that terrible but here we're all
the way to the final Gengar we get put
to sleep it's using psychic and confuse
Ray which is just terrible it even dream
meters us none of these moves are gonna
do a lot of damage to a Mewtwo but
that's not the point we're just getting
whittled down because we can't do
anything and it's just keeping us
completely incapacitated but we finally
take her down when we're at about half
Health it's on to Lance
[Music]
now Lance was the point where I had to
use all of my rare candies because we
weren't getting through this at level 75
here at level 87 I could go for rage on
the first Gyarados and it's doing decent
damage he did use a hyper potion there
but we're able to get through that first
Pokemon no problem now these dragonairs
are two akos they use Hyper Beam
perfectly fine though we have so much HP
and defense from all the badge boosts
that we've gotten that we're basically
fine now the Aerodactyl is not going to
take a ton of damage from Rage but it
only hits a wing attack here and we're
able to knock it out in three hits onto
the Dragonite where it's trying to use
moves like thunder which basically do
nothing so it's another three hit KO
we've taken down Lance and it's time for
the champion
[Music]
so I'm here against the champion at
level 87 and I'm just really hoping that
I don't have to go grind more levels in
order to get through this fight it's
already just terrible this has taken
over four hours to get to this point in
real time playing at four times speed
and we have the worst score ever in one
of my runs but here I think rage will be
enough we've taken earthquake from the
sand slash it doesn't do that much
damage and then it uses Fury swipes
which is exactly what we wanted to see
to get all those attack boosts so we
knock it out in three hits then it's
going to be a two-hit KO while on
Alakazam even though it used to recover
didn't matter now we have exeggutor in a
two-hit KO range and we can move on to
Magneton yet again it's a two hit KO at
this point so we can just knock it out
onto the Cloister it's using Spike
Cannon perfect we like the fact that
we've got 999 attack and if we can just
land the hits we should just win
Cloister goes down it's on to the final
Flareon it hits a flamethrower doesn't
really matter it's a two-hit KO and we
have beaten the champion at level 87.
now interestingly we beat the game at
level 87 with this terrible moveset but
that's actually the same level that we
beat the game with only 20 base power
moves it kind of makes sense in every
fight that we could use just Rage which
is a 20 base power move we just used it
and in any case where we couldn't use
that move we basically had to level up a
ton of times in order to get through the
fights but what this tells us is that
the floor for a really strong Pokemon is
still less than level 100 to beat the
game in most cases even if we gave
intentionally terrible moves you would
be eventually able to get through the
game with these types of Pokemon so
while mewpoo is the worst Pokemon on the
tier list it kind of proves that Mewtwo
is completely broken
so anyway I hope you guys really enjoyed
if you did like And subscribe if you
really want to support the channel you
can always join the channel memberships
or there's a patreon Linked In the
description but with that being said
let's just get to the final test which
one of these Pokemon can beat Mewtwo the
fastest so it's both of our Challengers
take on Mewtwo mewpoo is going to start
off with the rage Strat seeing if it can
just knock out this Pokemon by just
hitting it enough times meanwhile God
carp gets easily one shot by the Mewtwo
with a single psychic the whole idea
here is to put this Mewtwo to sleep see
if we can use Amnesia in order to get
enough stat boost in order to eventually
get through it but this could be
incredibly luck based now mewpoo seems
to be making decent Headway if it can
just get Critical Hits against the
Mewtwo it should be able to knock it out
but unfortunately it just doesn't seem
to be getting the luck that it needs
Mewtwo is used way too many recovers
here God carp has gotten Mewtwo to sleep
but it is still struggling quite a bit
because it's on very low health and it's
outsped we need Mewtwo to use lots and
lots of barriers basically and maybe we
can get the luck in order to get through
that fight but here mewpoo goes for side
wave in order to finish the fight
against Mewtwo and finishes first
getting just a little bit of redemption
granted it is at level 87 so it should
be able to beat Mewtwo a lot easier but
it has at least finished that test
faster than God carp God carp is going
to struggle and this is pretty much true
of any Pokemon on minimal battles it's
one of the reasons I like this final
section and uh yeah it's just a matter
of getting the luck once we finally
managed to get this Mewtwo to sleep set
up all the amnesias and get enough Hydro
pumps on it without it waking up and
with it just using barrier when it does
wake up eventually we're able to do more
than enough damage where we Whittle it
down and in spite of the fact that it
wakes up and uses another barrier we
just put it back to sleep with Spore and
we are able to finally land the hits so
godcarp has also beaten Mewtwo
so there we have it that is a race kind
of between these two Pokemon the best
possible Magikarp the worst possible
Mewtwo what did you think tell me in the
comments that's all I got for you guys
thanks so much for watching see you in
the next video later
[Music]
thank you